Data acquisition setup specifications

Input
Four sets of 27 channels
Original signal: ± ~33 mV

Amplification / A to D stage
	Four 32 channel amplifiers
Each amplifier gets
27 channels Amplified by ~100 
6 tetrodes x 4 channels / tetrode = 24 channels
3 EEG / reference electrodes
Up to 5 external inputs
Ideally these would be switchable from the ± ~33 mV to a 
± 5V range
	Each signal line sampled at 30 KHz and digitized at 16 bits
	Signals sent through fiber to DSP box

DSP stage
	Each DSP box handles 32 channels
	High speed fiber link between DSP boxes 
64 16 bit channels at 30 KHz
	Three types of DSP processing
		1.  Communication
			Other DSPs will need channels in two contexts:
				Reference signal
				EEG signal
2.	Spike extraction
Spike extraction should be optional
(e.g. it should be possible to have each DSP send out packets with continuous data)
Ideally we could group channels from each group of 27 arbitrarily 	
	e.g. tetrode 1 = channels 1,2,16,17
Ideally it would be possible to have arbitrary numbers of 
channels in each tetrode (2,3, or 4)
		            Subtract off reference for each channel (could have a single 
reference for each tetrode, but it is probably easier to keep 
it at the channel level.
Filter signal between either 300 Hz or 600 Hz and 6 KHZ
	Additional filter levels useful but not absolutely essential 
			For each channel in a group there will be a user defined threshold
If the signal exceeds the threshold on any channel, chop out a spike 
By taking n points before the threshold crossing (default 8) and m 
points after the crossing (default 31) on each channel
Send resulting n+m points (default 40) in UDP packet to computer
Move processing ahead by p points (default 16) and begin 
checking for threshold crossings again.
 				If signal is above threshold for first point after shift of p 
points, ignore signal until it goes below threshold.
3.	Continuous data sampling
On a separate DSP, collect the channels that are to be used for EEG data.
Subtract off the reference for each channel.
Reduce the sampling frequency to a user defined rate (normal 1.5 KHz / channel)
Filter between x and y Hz (minimum 1, maximum 400)
Send out packets with either
	Data from s samples of one channel
Interleaved data (s samples from all channels in user specified order)
	Alternate outputs
		Analog line level audio out
User selectable set of 4 channels, probably output from DSP that handles EEG data, but should be an option to have on any DSP.
	Inputs to DSP
		UDP packets in p64 from master computer.

Packet specifications:
	Spike packet
		Header
			4 byte unsigned long timestamp
			2 byte signed short datatype
			2 byte signed short tetrode number
			2 byte signed short number of electrodes in bundle
			2 byte signed short sampling rate
			2 byte signed short total number of measurements (N)
		Data	
			N 2 byte signed short data points
	Continuous Packet
		Header
			4 byte unsigned long timestamp
			2 byte signed short datatype
			2 byte signed short sampling rate
			2 byte signed shorts number of tetrodes (T)
			T 2 byte signed shorts corresponding to tetrode numbers
			2 byte signed short total number of measurements (M) per
channel (N = T * M)
		Data	
			N 2 byte signed short data points


