Spike_Troubleshooting_HOWTO

Loren M. Frank
2-19-02

This is a (very) incomplete list of the problems we have run into and various
solutions. In general, if the error is produced by spike_main, you can start
spike_main using gdb (or your favorite debugger) and, with some back tracking,
figure out the cause.

1. Problem:    Segmentation fault when reading config file.
   Solution:   Check the config file for errors. I haven't actually seen this
               error with the current version of the code, but I'm sure it
	       could be generated with a bit of creativity.

2. Problem:    "Error allocating shared memory for daq board. Try reinserting 
               spike_uei_module or rebooting."
   Cause:      As far as I know, this happens only after the buffersamp
	       variable in the config file has been changed after a crash (eg.
	       after spike_main was killed by the user rather than exiting
	       normally). This error occurs becuase the program did not
	       properly free the shared memory regions allocated using mbuff,
	       and can therefore not allocate new regions. 
	       This could also happen if buffersamp is set to be too large, but
	       with buffersamp at 98304 or less, you should be okay.
    Solution:  Reboot, and fix whatever it was that forced you to kill the
	       program.

3. Problem:    "Error opening /dev/rtf# for ... "
   Cause:      Two possibilities: First, the modules have not been inserted
	       into the kernel. Second, for some unspecified reason, the
	       program has decided that it doesn't like you. This happens
	       occasionally for reasons I don't understand, but if you figure
	       it out, let me know. 
   Solution:   In this case, try removing and then reinserting the modules. 
   	       If that doesn't work, try going into spike_rtl.h, changing the 
               #define for the fifo that is not working so that that fifo has 
	       a different number, and recompiling the main code and the 
	       modules.

4. Problem:    Error when starting with a message containing the word "network"
   Cause:      Errors in spikenetworkconfig or an indication that the program
	       has not been started on all of the slaves.
   Solution:   You guessed it: fix spikenetworkconfig and/or make sure the
	       program has been started on all of the slaves.

